Requirements
------------

  Python 2.2 or later.
  Twisted 2.1 and Twisted-Web 0.5 or later.

  Twisted is available from:
      http://www.twistedmatrix.com/

  Twisted itself requires:
      Zope Interfaces 3.0.1 (http://zope.org/Products/ZopeInterface)

  If you download the TwistedSumo tarball from the Twisted web site, it
  includes the core distribution, Twisted-Web, and Zope Interfaces, as
  well as many other Twisted projects that aren't used by NetWorkSpaces.


Unix Installation (including Linux and Mac OS/X)
------------------------------------------------

  Once you've installed Twisted, you're ready to install NetWorkSpaces.
  First, untar and build the distribution:

      % tar xzvf big-server-x.y.tar.gz
      % python setup.py build

  You can do this as an unprivileged user, even if you plan to install
  it as root.

  Note that on SuSE Linux systems (and perhaps other RPM-based systems)
  you may to install the "python-devel" package in order to install
  python source distributions.  On Debian systems, you need the
  "python-dev" package.


System Installation
-------------------

  To do a system wide installation, su to root, and execute the
  following command:

      # python setup.py install

  This will add the nws python package to your python installation, and
  copy the nws.tac file to /etc.  nws.tac is a "Twisted Application
  Configuration" (TAC) file, which is actually python source.  It is
  used by the twistd command to start the NetWorkSpaces server.

  The distribution includes a Unix-style init script, called "nws" that
  is in the misc directory.  It is not installed automatically, as
  systems differ on how that needs to be done.


Private Installation
--------------------

  To do a private installation, say into your home directory, you can
  execute the following command:

      % python setup.py install --home $HOME

  This will copy the nws python package to the directory:

      $HOME/lib/python

  You may want to put this directory into your PYTHONPATH environment
  variable so that python will be able to find it when starting the
  server.

  The nws.tac file is copied to:

      $HOME/nws.tac


Configuration
-------------

  There is very little that can be configured in the NetWorkSpaces
  server, and there may be nothing that needs to be configured.  Unless
  you want to run multiple servers on one machine, you can probably
  ignore configuration, and skip to the next section now.

  To run multiple servers on one machine, you'll need to configure
  the server and web interface ports to be different.  This can be done
  by editing the TAC file, nws.tac, which is python code.  An
  alternative is to set some environment variables.  The following
  environment variables are used:

      NWS_SERVER_PORT       Port that nws server binds to.  The default
                            value is 8765.
      NWS_WEB_PORT          Port that web interface binds to.  The default
                            value is 8766.
      NWS_INTERFACE         The name of the network interface that the
                            server should bind to.  The default is '',
                            which means to bind to all network
                            interfaces.  The value 'localhost' will
                            prevent remote machines from connecting to
                            the server.
